gallery/README.md, before:

# _alles_ gallery
diego domenzain
September 2020 @ Colorado School of Mines

For some reason, _Github_ does not like symbolic links in their webpage. So here is a dump of the pics.

Each image links to its project.

---

## Optimization

#### Gedanken of joint inversion
[![](../projects/opti/pics/gedanken.png)](../projects/opti/gedanken/)
#### Gravity inversion
[![](../projects/opti/pics/gravity_inversion.png)](../projects/opti/gravity/)
#### Cross-gradient inversion
[![](../projects/opti/pics/xgrad-a-b.png)](../projects/opti/xgrad/)
#### Logistic regression
#### Snow slip
#### Dense circle packing
[![](../projects/opti/pics/covid_19-people.png)](../projects/opti/dense-circ/)
#### Markowitz portfolio
[![](../pics/markowitz-ex.png)](./)
[![](../projects/opti/pics/markowitz-ex.png)](../projects/opti/markowitz/)

#### Decision trees & Random forests
#### Bayesian optimization
[![](../projects/opti/pics/bayes-opti-ex.png)](../projects/opti/baye-opti/)

## Dimensionality reduction

#### Self-organizing maps
[![](../projects/dim-redu/pics/self-org-synth.png)](../projects/dim-redu/self-org/)
#### t-SNE

## Graph theory algorithms

#### Spanning trees
#### Dijkstra algorithm
[![](../projects/graph-alg/pics/dijkstra-10nodes.png)](../projects/graph-alg/dijkstra/)

## Partial differential equations

#### Wave-advection
[![](../projects/pdes/pics/wave_2d_material.png)](../projects/pdes/wave-adv/)
	
[![](../projects/pdes/pics/wave_2d.png)](../projects/pdes/wave-adv/)
#### Elastic SV wave equation (with CPML & free surface BC)
[![](../projects/pdes/pics/elastic_2d_free_surface.png)](../projects/pdes/elastic/)
#### Heat equation
[![](../projects/pdes/pics/heat_2d_material.png)](../projects/pdes/heat/)
	
[![](../projects/pdes/pics/heat_2d.png)](../projects/pdes/heat/)
#### Korteweg De Vries
[![](../projects/pdes/pics/korteweg_.png)](../projects/pdes/korteweg/)
#### Eikonal solver
[![](../projects/pdes/pics/eikonal_2d.png)](../projects/pdes/eikonal/)

## Squeezing and expanding matrices

#### Compressed sensing
#### Matrix completion
#### Pixelating pics (for face-recognition-free profile pics)
[![](../projects/sque-exp/pics/pixelate_mini.png)](../projects/sque-exp/pixelate/)
#### Haar wavelet compression
[![](../projects/sque-exp/pics/haar1d.png)](../projects/sque-exp/haar/)

## Wave processing

#### MASW
#### FTAN
#### STFT
[![](../projects/wave-proc/pics/stft.png)](../projects/wave-proc/stft/)
#### Hyperbolic and linear semblance
#### Beamforming (to find direction of signal)
[![](../projects/wave-proc/pics/beamform_data.png)](../projects/wave-proc/beamforming/)[![](../projects/wave-proc/pics/beamform_velo-angle.png)](../projects/wave-proc/beamforming/)
### Seismic beachball
	
## Cloud computing

#### Slurm
#### AWS

## Deep learning

#### pic2pic

Ideal case:
[![](../projects/deep-learning/pics/pic2pic_idea.png)](../projects/deep-learning/pic2pic/)

In practice:
[![](../projects/deep-learning/pics/pic2pic_true-.png)](../projects/deep-learning/pic2pic/)

[![](../projects/deep-learning/pics/pic2pic_obse-.png)](../projects/deep-learning/pic2pic/)

[![](../projects/deep-learning/pics/pic2pic_reco-.png)](../projects/deep-learning/pic2pic/)

Commit message:

vis fortran data, elastic, lamb, fft fortran

gallery/README.md, after:

# _alles_ gallery
diego domenzain
September 2020 @ Colorado School of Mines

For some reason, _Github_ does not like symbolic links in their webpage. So here is a dump of the pics.

Each image links to its project.

---

## Optimization

#### Gedanken of joint inversion
[![](../projects/opti/pics/gedanken.png)](../projects/opti/gedanken/)
#### Gravity inversion
[![](../projects/opti/pics/gravity_inversion.png)](../projects/opti/gravity/)
#### Cross-gradient inversion
[![](../projects/opti/pics/xgrad-a-b.png)](../projects/opti/xgrad/)
#### Logistic regression
#### Snow slip
#### Dense circle packing
[![](../projects/opti/pics/covid_19-people.png)](../projects/opti/dense-circ/)
#### Markowitz portfolio
[![](../pics/markowitz-ex.png)](./)
[![](../projects/opti/pics/markowitz-ex.png)](../projects/opti/markowitz/)

#### Decision trees & Random forests
#### Bayesian optimization
[![](../projects/opti/pics/bayes-opti-ex.png)](../projects/opti/baye-opti/)

## Dimensionality reduction

#### Self-organizing maps
[![](../projects/dim-redu/pics/self-org-synth.png)](../projects/dim-redu/self-org/)
#### t-SNE

## Graph theory algorithms

#### Spanning trees
#### Dijkstra algorithm
[![](../projects/graph-alg/pics/dijkstra-10nodes.png)](../projects/graph-alg/dijkstra/)

## Partial differential equations

#### Wave-advection
[![](../projects/pdes/pics/wave_2d_material.png)](../projects/pdes/wave-adv/)
	
[![](../projects/pdes/pics/wave_2d.png)](../projects/pdes/wave-adv/)
#### Elastic SV wave equation (with CPML & free surface BC)
[![](../projects/pdes/pics/elastic_2d_free_surface.png)](../projects/pdes/elastic/)
#### Heat equation
[![](../projects/pdes/pics/heat_2d_material.png)](../projects/pdes/heat/)
	
[![](../projects/pdes/pics/heat_2d.png)](../projects/pdes/heat/)
#### Korteweg De Vries
[![](../projects/pdes/pics/korteweg_.png)](../projects/pdes/korteweg/)
#### Eikonal solver
[![](../projects/pdes/pics/eikonal_2d.png)](../projects/pdes/eikonal/)

## Squeezing and expanding matrices

#### Compressed sensing
#### Matrix completion
#### Pixelating pics (for face-recognition-free profile pics)
[![](../projects/sque-exp/pics/pixelate_mini.png)](../projects/sque-exp/pixelate/)
#### Haar wavelet compression
[![](../projects/sque-exp/pics/haar1d.png)](../projects/sque-exp/haar/)
#### Fast Fourier Transform
[![](../projects/sque-exp/pics/data-f.png)](projects/sque-exp/fourier/)

## Wave processing

#### MASW
#### FTAN
#### STFT
[![](../projects/wave-proc/pics/stft.png)](../projects/wave-proc/stft/)
#### Hyperbolic and linear semblance
#### Beamforming (to find direction of signal)
[![](../projects/wave-proc/pics/beamform_data.png)](../projects/wave-proc/beamforming/)[![](../projects/wave-proc/pics/beamform_velo-angle.png)](../projects/wave-proc/beamforming/)
### Seismic beachball

## Cloud computing

#### Slurm
#### AWS
#### OpenMP
[![](../projects/cloud/pics/serial-parallel.png)](../projects/cloud/openmp/)

## Visualize 

### Plot output from *C*
### Plot output from *Fortran*
[![](../projects/visualize/pics/fortran-2D.png)](projects/visualize/see-fortran/)
### Plot output from *Julia*

## Deep learning

#### pic2pic

[![](../projects/deep-learning/pics/pic2pic_idea.png)](../projects/deep-learning/pic2pic/)

In practice:


[![](../projects/deep-learning/pics/pic2pic_true-.png)](../projects/deep-learning/pic2pic/)

[![](../projects/deep-learning/pics/pic2pic_obse-.png)](../projects/deep-learning/pic2pic/)

[![](../projects/deep-learning/pics/pic2pic_reco-.png)](../projects/deep-learning/pic2pic/)
